Added blog post about StrimziCon 2024 schedule (#426)
strimzi/strimzi.github.io: _posts/2024-04-09-strimzicon2024-schedule.md

---
layout: post
title:  "StrimziCon 2024: Schedule announced!"
date: 2024-04-09
author: paolo_patierno
---

We are very pleased to announce the speakers and sessions for the first StrimziCon!
The interest from the community was really high and we received a lot of awesome proposals.

> The program committee had really tough times to choose among them in order to build an amazing agenda.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The program committee found it really tough to choose among them in order to build an amazing agenda.
```

<!--more-->

![StrimziCon 2024 Banner](/assets/images/posts/2024-01-29-strimzicon2024-banner.png)

### Awesome sessions ... join the StrimziCon! 

The conference will take place on <b>Wednesday, May 22nd</b> (afternoon CEST), with two parallel tracks in the "River" and "Waterfall" virtual rooms.

> It will start with a keynote with Kate Stanley (Red Hat) and Paolo Patierno (Red Hat, Strimzi maintainer) talking about Strimzi, its current status and the future roadmap together with the Apache Kafka project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will start with a keynote from Kate Stanley (Red Hat) and Paolo Patierno (Red Hat, Strimzi maintainer) talking about Strimzi, its current status and the future roadmap together with the Apache Kafka project.
```

The keynote will be followed by 3 hours of breakout sessions covering several topics from core Strimzi features, to use cases and integrations.

> | Time | River room | Waterfall room |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Time (CEST) | River room | Waterfall room |
```

|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| 14:30 - 14:50 | Keynote (Kate Stanley & Paolo Patierno @ Red Hat) | |
| 15:00 - 15:40 | Upgrade yourself to the Business Class (Jakub Scholz @ Red Hat) | Exploring Strimzi’s implementation of rolling updates (Gantigmaa Selenge @ Red Hat) |
| 15:50 - 16:30 | Transition to Apache Kafka on Kubernetes with Strimzi (Steffen Wirenfeldt Karlsson @ Maersk) | Modernizing Nubank's Kafka Platform For The Next 10 Years Starting at 1 Trillion Messages per Month (Julio Turolla, Roni Silva @ Nubank) |
| 16:40 - 17:20 | Enhancing Kafka Topic Management in Kubernetes with the Unidirectional Topic Operator (Federico Valeri @ Red Hat) | Partial Multi-Tenancy on Kafka using Strimzi at LittleHorse (Colt McNealy @ LittleHorse) |

> | 17:30 - 18:10 | How to survive managing Strimzi in an enterprise (Richard Bosch, @ Axual BV) | Support Tiered Storage in Strimzi operated Kafka (Lixin Yao, Vrishali Bhor, bo gao @ Apple) |

Reviewer 2: Capitalisation missing from Bo's name.

You can find more details about speakers and sessions on the official [page](https://community.cncf.io/events/details/cncf-virtual-project-events-2024-hosted-by-cncf-presents-strimzicon-2024-virtual/) as part of the CNCF events.

> Looking forward to see you at the conference and remember to [register](https://community.cncf.io/events/details/cncf-virtual-project-events-2024-hosted-by-cncf-presents-strimzicon-2024-virtual/) ... it's free!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Looking forward to seeing you at the conference and remember to [register](https://community.cncf.io/events/details/cncf-virtual-project-events-2024-hosted-by-cncf-presents-strimzicon-2024-virtual/) ... it's free!
```
